today;
[ ] readings
[ ] turn in phil
[ ] math review


redo
18

We saw many new things.
The sea was drawing back into itself, and the shore had advanced, and many sea creatures were stranded on the dry sands.
On the other side, black and dreadful clouds were torn apart by long flames.
Then that friend from Spain,  bitterly said:
“If your brother lives, your uncle lives; he wishes your safety.
If he has died, he wishes for your survival.”

20

After Romans and Albans took their positions on either side, the commanders advanced with a few soldiers into the center.
Then the Alban leader said:
“The lust for power drives two peoples to arms.
But Etruscan, who surrounds both us and you, may prevail.
Now, when the battle-signal is given, these soldiers will fight and be exhausted;
then the Etruscans will attack, and both our peoples will be conquered.
Can the fate of either people be decided without much bloodshed?”
Tullus, though eager for victory, agreed; a plan was devised to which fortune supplied its material.







ignore


reading 18: (second half)
Multa nova vidēbāmus: mare in sē resorbēbātur et prōcesserat
lītus, multaque animālia maris siccīs harēnīs dētinēbat. Ab
alterō latere nūbēs ātra et horrenda longīs flammīs rumpēbātur.
Tum vērō ille ex Hispāniā amīcus ācrius ‘Sī frāter’ dīxit ‘tuus,
tuus avunculus vīvit, optat vestram salūtem; sī periit, superstitēs
optat.

reading 20: 
Postquam Rōmānī et Albānī utrimque stābant, cum paucīs
mīlitum in medium ducēs prōcēdunt. tum Albānus dux dīcit,
“cupīdō imperiī duōs populōs ad arma stimulat. Sed Etrusca
rēs, quae circā nōs tēque est, pollet. iam cum signum pugnae
dabis, hī mīlitēs pugnābunt et fessī erunt; tum Etruscī petent
et utrēsque nostrum vincentur! itaque sine multō sanguine
utrīusque populī dēcernī potest?” Tullus, quamquam victōriae
ācer erat, cōnsentit et ratiō invenitur cui fortūna praebuit
māteriam.


Reading 18 (second half)
 
We saw many new things: the sea was drawn back into itself and the shore had advanced, and many creatures of the sea were trapped on the dry sands. On the other side, dark and dreadful clouds were rent by long flames. Then that friend from Spain spoke more sharply: “If your brother lives, your uncle lives; he desires your safety; if he has perished, the survivor desires it.”

Reading 20
After the Romans and Albans stood on each side, the commanders advanced with a few soldiers into the middle. Then the Alban leader said, “The desire for power drives two peoples to arms. But the Etruscan power, which surrounds us and surrounds you, prevails. Now when you give the signal for battle, these soldiers will fight and be exhausted; then the Etruscans will attack and both our peoples will be conquered. And so can the fate of either people be decided without much blood?” Tullus, although keen for victory, agreed, and a plan was found to which fortune supplied the means.
