=== First Date ===
I have so many contradicting emotions and I want to  write them down
if you are reading this in the future please be kind

I just met caitlyn and

okay the first and most dominate emotion is that I really really like her
she's passionate about the environment
shes nice to bugs
we had good conversations and shes fun.

I can truly see myself loving this person, if you allow me to be dramatic.
She even seemed to like me back.

The second emotion is sadness? dread? self sabotage?
I like her so much it creates a weight
I want thigns to go well so badly, and like holding my Nintendo DS at the peak of a building, I have the urge to let it go.
I don't know what I want or why I want it, but every second of the interaction seems to have innumerable concenquence to me.

This might be a response to other social failures. Like I'm preemtively mourning her rejection.
Really, I should be feeling

neverming i shouldn't feel anything in particular
im just glad im feeling.


she showed me the fucking worm tower bro.

we went to a tea place that literally looked like her and then we went to a garden and i helped her plant strawberries

i am really trying not to freak the fuck out because I dont know what type of relationship she's looking for but

dude.
fucking worm tower dude.


===Second date===

DUDE.
Okay so i was way more myself this time, and it went well.
She is more queer than I though.
"I typically date more androgynous people" love it
this makes me soso happy because i feel comfortable to be as gender non-conforming as I want
she also told me she was homeschooled which explains her outgoingness.
she is really so beautiful.

as I told phoenix, "I'm going all in."

I asked her about her relationship goals to clairfy, still not fully sure.

it seems like she's not nessicarily looking for something long term or serious, but is open to it. she said she just wants to make deep connections which is what I want too. banger.
The only thing is she said she's not about exclusivity which i think she just meant at the moment. 

she said her birthday is this weekend (KNOW THE DATE) and i think she would love those funny fruit earrings biss showed me.

The "second emotion" i expressed earlier is absent. I am fully just happy.

also i hugged her and she said shes a personal touch person YES!!!

im crazy.


===Third Date===
Once again I am reminded of her beauty,
and of my diesease.

It was a few weeks since the last, because of finals.
This one felt even more relaxed, I think we're really bonding.
She really is so pretty. I love her style
She had a bracelet that said "dyke." love it. slay
she also said she only has one cishet man friend.
which excludes me (awesome)


We are from different worlds but somehow similar.
Physical proximety feels so crazy still.
My reaction after the second date was "going all in"
In the time since I have retracted that.
But I may have to... reinstate it.
I'm so easy.
I think this will be updated soon enough.:)